the next few moments of our program
I have decree in faith for you I'm just
wild enough to do what God said that's
why results happen I'm not talking about
figuring it out with your brains I'm
talking about trusting your heart and
you have faith you just need to use it
saith the Lord
thank you Jesus father oh yes I sense
your presence God put this in my spirit
man please God just since the anointing
flowing out of me you too will see the
glory of God hallelujah
and Jesus gave Peter who didn't know the
answer the question about paint paying
his bills that's something that's just
doing what you say you'll do to get God
to do what he said call me right now to
one four six to old 62 hallelujah
hallelujah let's get the boughs and all
the prayer requests here what's the hard
time to hear Thank You Lord
it's a little signpost it's pointing to
that place that's what it is it it might
just be one sentence in here Wow
lightning strikes the fire of God begins
to burn faith rises up and comes alive
and you take that step out there glory
that God and there you're in that place
thank you though I'm enjoying this maybe
the last few weeks or months you've
received a miracle through the program
you really need to tell it that's one of
the ways of keeping it C you receive
back you receive by faith thank you
thank you
Thank You law I'm seeing somebody's
house right now
thank you lord thank you Jesus
in my heart because I'm not talking from
my more than that it'll break the curse
off of you want it's a step of phony if
you'll do it God will honor it praise
God thank you